Monday (2019/02/25)  
*Chair: Alexander Serraris, Secretory: Wessel Oosterbroek.*

Present: Everyone

**Main things to do:**
1. Get maven working, work together to solve the issues
2. Get the CI working again (Related to maven)
3. Create issues in the to-do board
4. Use better descriptions and labels for the issues (TA)
5. Use MVC (TA)


The sprint plan needs to be in the agenda next time.
We need to upload the checkstyle and coverage results to gitlab before monday next week.
And also upload a seperate sprint review document.

We also worked out the DB schema and added some new features to the issue board (Third-party login, password recovery)

Screenshot of the issue board:
![](https://i.gyazo.com/4a2a77843389f382a1f5b1ccf54bcbf4.png?1)

The next meeting is on Friday 13:00 in the library.